notes

objective: create a character that can move around in VR using the oculus touchpad
it will be in an environment and it will not be able to walk through solid objects

steps to achieve this outcome
1) create character that can walk using wasd
2) figure out how to config different environments (tell difference between when program is running on headset vs on my computer)
3) add ability for character that can walk using oculus
4) make environment around them


it is 6:43am
first i shall create a ground, and then give it the properties of having a collider but no rigidbody so that it stays floating
then i create a rectangular prism to serve as the character. it has rigidbody.
then i place camera inside the rectangular prism

it is 7:01
i have added movement to my character by adding a script that transform.Translate()s the character based on Input.GetAxis(), which is the input of keys or whatever u can set it in Project Settings

it is 7:47
i finally figured out how to search for what i wanted. i found this thing called SystemInfo.deviceType
very good. i think i can work with that.

8:09
now i am going to add the gear vr support to my project. i can never remember how to do this.
i know i have to add my sig file to Assets/Plugins/Android/assets

8:30
it works! on desktop it says the deviceType is Desktop and on my gearvr it says the deviceType is Handheld
i wonder if this will be useful to me

11:31
i decided that i should make mouselook+moveforward/backwards instead of wasd
because that's what i'm going to have on the vr

i've got moving forwards and backwards going on, but i still have to restrict it to the xz plane

and then i need to rotate the camera freely

sun 6 jan
6:25
new task: map forward and backward motion to d-pad and see if it's possible?
i found someone's mouselook+cameramove script that i might just take, but that's only necessary for desktop. i might be able to just skip that for now and get d-pad working.

18:22
ok i was able to access the d-pad input. let me tell you it was not easy to dig this up: https://developer.oculus.com/blog/developing-for-the-gear-vr-controller/

18:45
i added random GameObjects to my scene just to see if i can interact with them

18:49
the answer is yes i can interact with them cuz that's what colliders are. lol.
ok i'm committing this. it could be improved but this is a solid start.
i honestly did not expect to get this far lol
